feat(cli): CDK Migrate CLI command (#27325)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk/README.md

  in the right order. The CLI will not help you import dependent resources in the right
  order, the CloudFormation deployment will fail with unresolved references.

### `cdk migrate`

⚠️**CAUTION**⚠️ 

> CDK migrate is currently experimental and may have breaking changes in the future. 

Reviewer: It's fine to open with this, but immediately below should be a paragraph explaining what this command does at a high level, including an example of simplest, minimal usage, eg only using required flags / options. It should explain where the output goes and what the output is. I should not have to guess if it's a full CDK directory or if it's a single stack file.

> We make no guarantees about the outcome or stability of the Command nor it's output.

Reviewer: I don't think we should keep this sentence.

> Generates a CDK application from an existing CloudFormation template in any of the CDK supported languages. 

Reviewer: This is the first sentence of that opening paragraph. Comparing this to `cdk deploy`'s entry in this file, notice how `cdk deploy` has a similar opening sentence, but then goes into a high level overview of the command before it gets into use cases.

Notice also how `cdk deploy` is organized into use cases, not flag entries. Notice also how the use cases are written in the format of:
 - problem statement
 - solution
 - example
 - details

A good example of this format is the [deployment progress](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/tree/main/packages/aws-cdk#deployment-progress) entry. It starts with:

> By default, stack deployment events are displayed as a progress bar with the events for the resource currently being deployed.

This tells user that all the stack deployment history is obscured by default. This is a *problem* because users may want the full stack history (we could improve this slightly by explicitly stating that the deployment history is obscured). The doc then shows a *solution*:

>Set the --progress flag to request the complete history which includes all CloudFormation events

and immediately follows with an *example* that shows how to use that solution:

```
$ cdk deploy --progress events
```

It then goes into *details* about flag usage.

#### Required Arguments:

(You must specify either `--from-path` or `--from-stack`)

* `--stack-name <my_stack_name>` - The name for both the CDK application and stack. 
* `--from-path <my_file_path>` - Takes the relative file path to the JSON or YAML CloudFormation template 

> * `--from-stack` - Retrieves a deployed cloudformation stack from your account with the same name as `--stack-name`.

Reviewer: Do not organize the flag usage like this.

By starting with the flags, you're starting from the *solutions*. But users are reading this doc with a *problem* in their head. If you think of the readme as a hash table, the keys are *problems* and the values are *solutions*. Users reading this doc want to be able to do (in their head):

```ts
const solutionToMyProblem = README[myUseCase]
```

When you organize this with flags (*solutions*) at the top level, that mental operation doesn't work, because the doc's keys are the solutions, and not the problems. 

Yes, flags can be named in such a way that they are obviously what you want (eg, `--disable-rollback`), but this will never work for all flags. You have more expressiveness with a markdown heading than you do a CLI flag name, so well-named markdown headings will always be easier to parse than CLI flags.

as the provided template.json

This results in a CDK application with the following structure, where the lib directory contains a stack definition
with the same resource configuration as the provided template.json.

```console
├── README.md
├── bin
│   └── my_awesome_application.ts
├── cdk.json
├── cdk.out
│   ├── MyAwesomeApplication.assets.json
│   ├── MyAwesomeApplication.template.json
│   ├── cdk.out
│   ├── manifest.json
│   ├── synth.lock
│   └── tree.json
├── jest.config.js
├── lib
│   └── my_awesome_application-stack.ts
```

#### Generate a python application from a deployed stack

If you already had a cloudformation stack deployed in your account and would like to migrate to using CDK instead of Cloudformation.
You can use the `--from-stack` option to generate the application. In this case the `--stack-name` must match the name of the deployed stack. 

```console
$ # generate a python application from MyDeployedStack in your acount
$ cdk bootstrap migrate --stack-name MyDeployedStack --language python --from-stack
```

This will generate a python CDK application which will synthesize to the same configuration of resources as the deployed stack.

> #### **CDK Migrate Limitations**

Reviewer 2: Would be good to call out support for Custom Resources.

Author: Added this and custom resources

Reviewer 3: Oh, and ADC regions will depend on those resources existing in those regions. The app will still synth but may not deploy

  in the right order. The CLI will not help you import dependent resources in the right
  order, the CloudFormation deployment will fail with unresolved references.

### `cdk migrate`

⚠️**CAUTION**⚠️ 

CDK migrate is currently experimental and may have breaking changes in the future. 

Generates a CDK application from an existing JSON/YAML CloudFormation template.
Takes a valid CloudFormation template as input from either a local file specified with `--from-path`,

> or from a deployed Cloudformation stack using `--from-stack`. Generates a CDK application 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
or from a deployed CloudFormation stack using `--from-stack`. Generates a CDK application 
```

which will synthesize a CloudFormation template with identical resource configurations to the provided template. 
The generated application will be initialized in the current working directory with a single stack where 
the stack, app, and directory will all be named using the provided `--stack-name`. The generated application will 
be within a generated subdirectory in your current working directory unless `--output-path` is specified. 

> All CDK supported lanaguages are supported, language choice can be specified with `--language`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
All CDK supported languages are supported, language choice can be specified with `--language`.
```

> #### Generate a typescript application from a local template.json file

Reviewer: This is very good, nice work. I only have small comment; can we parse yaml templates as well, or is it json only? This doc should clarify.

Author: I added a bit above this about it supporting JSON/YAML

```console
$ # template.json is a valid cloudformation template in the local directory
$ cdk migrate --from-path ./template.json --stack-name MyAwesomeApplication
```

> This command will generate a new direcotry named `MyAwesomeApplication` within your current working directory, and 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This command will generate a new directory named `MyAwesomeApplication` within your current working directory, and 
```

> then initialize a new CDK application within that directory which has the same resource configuration as the
> as the provided template.json

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
then initialize a new CDK application within that directory which has the same resource configuration
as the provided template.json
```

This results in a CDK application with the following structure, where the lib directory contains a stack definition
with the same resource configuration as the provided template.json.

```console
├── README.md
├── bin
│   └── my_awesome_application.ts
├── cdk.json

> ├── cdk.out

Reviewer 4: Should we remove cdk.out since it won't exist until after synth?

│   ├── MyAwesomeApplication.assets.json
│   ├── MyAwesomeApplication.template.json
│   ├── cdk.out
│   ├── manifest.json
│   ├── synth.lock
│   └── tree.json
├── jest.config.js
├── lib
│   └── my_awesome_application-stack.ts
```

#### Generate a python application from a deployed stack

> If you already had a cloudformation stack deployed in your account and would like to migrate to using CDK instead of Cloudformation.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you already had a CloudFormation stack deployed in your account and would like to migrate to using CDK instead of CloudFormation.
```

You can use the `--from-stack` option to generate the application. In this case the `--stack-name` must match the name of the deployed stack. 

```console
$ # generate a python application from MyDeployedStack in your acount

> $ cdk bootstrap migrate --stack-name MyDeployedStack --language python --from-stack

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ cdk migrate --stack-name MyDeployedStack --language python --from-stack
```

Author: woops good catch.

Reviewer 4: This one still needs to be fixed

```

> This will generate a python CDK application which will synthesize to the same configuration of resources as the deployed stack.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This will generate a Python CDK application which will synthesize to the same configuration of resources as the deployed stack.
```

#### **CDK Migrate Limitations**

> CDK Migrate does not currently support nested stacks, Custom resources, or ForEach intrinsic function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CDK Migrate does not currently support nested stacks, Custom resources, or the `Fn::ForEach` intrinsic function.
```

> CDK Migrate does not currently support nested stacks, Custom resources, or ForEach intrinsic function.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
CDK Migrate does not currently support nested stacks, AWS CloudFormation Custom Resources, or the `Fn::ForEach` intrinsic function.
```

CDK Migrate will only generate L1 constructs and does not currently support any higher level abstractions.
CDK Migrate succesfully generating an application does *not* guarantee the application is immediately deployable.
It simply generates a CDK application which will synthesize a template that has identical resource configurations 
to the provided template. CDK Migrate does not interact with the CloudFormation service to verify the template 

> provided can deploy on it's own, nor does it validate that any resources in the provided template are already managed 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provided can deploy on its own, nor does it validate that any resources in the provided template are already managed 
```

> provided can deploy on it's own, nor does it validate that any resources in the provided template are already managed 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
provided can deploy on its own, nor does it validate that any resources in the provided template are already managed 
```

in other CloudFormation Templates. In practice this is how CDK Migrate generated applications will 
operate in the following scenarios:

> ##### **The provided template is already deployed to cloudformation in the account/region**

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
##### **The provided template is already deployed to CloudFormation in the account/region**
```

> If the provided template came directly from a deployed cloudformation stack, and that stack has not experienced any drift, 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If the provided template came directly from a deployed CloudFormation stack, and that stack has not experienced any drift, 
```

then the generated application will be immediately deployable, and will not cause any changes to the deployed resources.

> Drift might occur if a resource in your template was modified outside of CloudFormation, namely via the console or CLI.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Drift might occur if a resource in your template was modified outside of CloudFormation, namely via the AWS Console or AWS CLI.
```

> ##### **The provided template is not deployed to cloudformation in the account/region, and there *is not* overlap with with resources outside the template**

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
##### **The provided template is not deployed to CloudFormation in the account/region, and there *is not* overlap with existing resources in the account/region**
```

If the provided template represents a set of resources that have no overlap with resources already deployed in the account/region, 
then the generated application will be immediately deployable. A common reason for this might be because the template came 

> from a stack deployed in another account/region.

Reviewer: > A common reason for this might be

A common reason for what?

> In practice this means for any resource in the provided template. i.e.

Reviewer 4: "i.e." means "that is", and "e.g." means "for example". I think it's better not to use those anyway.

```suggestion
In practice this means for any resource in the provided template, for example,
```

```Json
    "S3Bucket": {
      "Type": "AWS::S3::Bucket",
      "Properties": {
        "BucketName": "MyBucket",
        "AccessControl": "PublicRead",
      },
      "DeletionPolicy": "Retain"
    }
```

> There must not exist a resource of that type with the same name aka "MyBucket"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There must not exist a resource of that type with the same name, e.g. "MyBucket"
```

> ##### **The provided template is not deployed to cloudformation in the account/region, and there *is* overlap with with resources outside the template**

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
##### **The provided template is not deployed to CloudFormation in the account/region, and there *is* overlap with existing resources in the account/region**
```

  bucket). Requires version 12 of the bootstrap stack, for the added
  IAM permissions to the `deploy-role`.

### `cdk migrate`

⚠️**CAUTION**⚠️ 

CDK migrate is currently experimental and may have breaking changes in the future. 

> Generates a CDK application from an existing JSON/YAML CloudFormation template.

Reviewer 3: Given that this and the sentences below are in paragraph form, not bullet form, these should be complete sentences.

Takes a valid CloudFormation JSON or YAML template as input from either a local file specified with `--from-path`,
or from a deployed Cloudformation stack using `--from-stack`. Generates a CDK application 
which will synthesize a CloudFormation template with identical resource configurations to the provided template. 
The generated application will be initialized in the current working directory with a single stack where 
the stack, app, and directory will all be named using the provided `--stack-name`. The generated application will 

> be within a generated subdirectory in your current working directory unless `--output-path` is specified. 

Reviewer 3: Maybe note somewhere in here that if a directory already exists with the stack name at the output path (or currently directory) it will be replaced with the new app folder.

All CDK supported languages are supported, language choice can be specified with `--language`.

#### Generate a typescript application from a local template.json file

```console
$ # template.json is a valid cloudformation template in the local directory
$ cdk migrate --stack-name MyDeployedStack --language python --from-stack
```

> This command will generate a new directory named `MyAwesomeApplication` within your current working directory, and  

Reviewer 3: This doesn't match the name used above

then initialize a new CDK application within that directory which has the same resource configuration
as the provided template.json

This results in a CDK application with the following structure, where the lib directory contains a stack definition
with the same resource configuration as the provided template.json.

> ```console

Reviewer 3: This also doesn't match the command you provide above. Both the naming and the language are different.

├── bin
│   └── my_awesome_application.ts
├── cdk.json
├── jest.config.js
├── lib
│   └── my_awesome_application-stack.ts
├── package.json
├── tsconfig.json
```

#### Generate a python application from a deployed stack

If you already had a CloudFormation stack deployed in your account and would like to migrate to using CDK instead of CloudFormation.
You can use the `--from-stack` option to generate the application. In this case the `--stack-name` must match the name of the deployed stack. 

```console
$ # generate a python application from MyDeployedStack in your acount
$ cdk bootstrap migrate --stack-name MyDeployedStack --language python --from-stack
```

This will generate a Python CDK application which will synthesize to the same configuration of resources as the deployed stack.

#### **CDK Migrate Limitations**

| Situation                                                                     | Result                                                                                            |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Provided Template + stack-name is from a deployed stack in the account/region                     | The CDK application will deploy as the existing stack                         |

Reviewer 3: Maybe be more specific that it will register as a changeset and the only change should be the addition of cdk metadata.

| Provided Template has no overlap with resources already in the account/region                     | The CDK application will deploy a new stack successfully                      |
| Provided Template has overlap with Cloudformation managed resources already in the account/region | The CDK application will not be deployable unless those resources are removed |
| Provided Template has overlap with unmanaged resources already in the account/region              | The CDK application will not be deployable until those resources are adopted with CDK Import |

CDK Migrate does not currently support nested stacks, Custom resources, or the `Fn::ForEach` intrinsic function.
CDK Migrate will only generate L1 constructs and does not currently support any higher level abstractions.

> CDK Migrate succesfully generating an application does *not* guarantee the application is immediately deployable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CDK Migrate successfully generating an application does *not* guarantee the application is immediately deployable.
```

Reviewer 3: Maybe make this section bullet points for easier reading.

It simply generates a CDK application which will synthesize a template that has identical resource configurations 
to the provided template. CDK Migrate does not interact with the CloudFormation service to verify the template 
provided can deploy on its own, nor does it validate that any resources in the provided template are already managed 
in other CloudFormation Templates. In practice this is how CDK Migrate generated applications will 

> operate in the following scenarios:

Reviewer 3: Maybe also call out that if the template has has parameters without default values, the customer will need to fill those in manually

with the same resource configuration as the provided template.json.

```console
├── README.md
├── bin
│   └── my_awesome_application.ts
├── cdk.json
├── jest.config.js
├── lib
│   └── my_awesome_application-stack.ts
├── package.json
├── tsconfig.json
```

#### Generate a python application from a deployed stack

If you already had a CloudFormation stack deployed in your account and would like to migrate to using CDK instead of CloudFormation.
You can use the `--from-stack` option to generate the application. In this case the `--stack-name` must match the name of the deployed stack. 

```console
$ # generate a python application from MyDeployedStack in your acount
$ cdk bootstrap migrate --stack-name MyDeployedStack --language python --from-stack
```

This will generate a Python CDK application which will synthesize to the same configuration of resources as the deployed stack.

#### **CDK Migrate Limitations**

| Situation                                                                     | Result                                                                                            |

> | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

Reviewer: This is great, I like this.

  bucket). Requires version 12 of the bootstrap stack, for the added
  IAM permissions to the `deploy-role`.

### `cdk migrate`

⚠️**CAUTION**⚠️ 

CDK migrate is currently experimental and may have breaking changes in the future. 

Generates a CDK application using an existing CloudFormation template in JSON or YAML format. 

> Templates can be provided from either from a local file using --from-path or directly from a 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Templates can be provided from either from a local file using `--from-path` or directly from a 
```

If a directory already exists with the same name as `--stack-name`, it will be replaced with the new application.
All CDK supported languages are supported, language choice can be specified with `--language`.

#### Generate a typescript application from a local template.json file

```console
$ # template.json is a valid cloudformation template in the local directory
$ cdk migrate --stack-name MyAwesomeApplication --language typescript --from-path MyTemplate.json
```

This command will generate a new directory named `MyAwesomeApplication` within your current working directory, and  
then initialize a new CDK application within that directory which has the same resource configuration
as the provided template.json

This results in a CDK application with the following structure, where the lib directory contains a stack definition
with the same resource configuration as the provided template.json.

```console
├── README.md
├── bin
│   └── my_awesome_application.ts
├── cdk.json
├── jest.config.js
├── lib
│   └── my_awesome_application-stack.ts
├── package.json
├── tsconfig.json
```

#### Generate a python application from a deployed stack

> If you already had a CloudFormation stack deployed in your account and would like to migrate to using CDK instead of CloudFormation.
> You can use the `--from-stack` option to generate the application. In this case the `--stack-name` must match the name of the deployed stack. 

Reviewer 4: Super minor, but I think this phrasing of the first sentence here is a little bit too focused on going away from CFN. And it's not strictly accurate. After migrating, the stack will still be managed by CloudFormation, it will just be done via a CDK application. Also, this is not a complete sentence.
```suggestion
If you already have a CloudFormation stack deployed in your account and would like to manage it with CDK, you can use the `--from-stack` option to generate the application. In this case the `--stack-name` must match the name of the deployed stack. 
```

$ cdk bootstrap migrate --stack-name MyDeployedStack --language python --from-stack
```

This will generate a Python CDK application which will synthesize the same configuration of resources as the deployed stack.

#### **CDK Migrate Limitations**

- CDK Migrate does not currently support nested stacks, custom resources, or the `Fn::ForEach` intrinsic function.

- CDK Migrate will only generate L1 constructs and does not currently support any higher level abstractions.

- CDK Migrate successfully generating an application does *not* guarantee the application is immediately deployable.
It simply generates a CDK application which will synthesize a template that has identical resource configurations 
to the provided template. 

- CDK Migrate does not interact with the CloudFormation service to verify the template 
provided can deploy on its own. This means CDK Migrate will not verify that any resources in the provided 
template are already managed in other CloudFormation templates, nor will it verify that the resources in the provided
template are available in the desired regions, which may impact ADC or Opt-In regions. 

> - If the provided template has parameters without default values, those will need to be will need to be provided

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- If the provided template has parameters without default values, those will need to be provided
```

Reviewer 4: How does the customer provide those?

before deploying the generated application.

In practice this is how CDK Migrate generated applications will operate in the following scenarios:

| Situation                                                                                         | Result                                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Provided Template + stack-name is from a deployed stack in the account/region                     | The CDK application will deploy as a changeset to the existing stack          |
> | Provided Template has no overlap with resources already in the account/region                     | The CDK application will deploy a new stack successfully                      |
> | Provided Template has overlap with Cloudformation managed resources already in the account/region | The CDK application will not be deployable unless those resources are removed |
> | Provided Template has overlap with unmanaged resources already in the account/region              | The CDK application will not be deployable until those resources are adopted with CDK Import |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Provided template + stack-name is from a deployed stack in the account/region                     | The CDK application will deploy as a changeset to the existing stack          |
| Provided template has no overlap with resources already in the account/region                     | The CDK application will deploy a new stack successfully                      |
| Provided template has overlap with Cloudformation managed resources already in the account/region | The CDK application will not be deployable unless those resources are removed |
| Provided template has overlap with unmanaged resources already in the account/region              | The CDK application will not be deployable until those resources are adopted with [CDK Import](link to section) |
```

##### **The provided template is not deployed to CloudFormation in the account/region, and there *is not* overlap with existing resources in the account/region**

If the provided template represents a set of resources that have no overlap with resources already deployed in the account/region, 
then the generated application will be immediately deployable. This could be because the stack has never been deployed, or
the application was generated from a stack deployed in another account/region.

In practice this means for any resource in the provided template, for example,

```Json
    "S3Bucket": {
      "Type": "AWS::S3::Bucket",
      "Properties": {
        "BucketName": "MyBucket",
        "AccessControl": "PublicRead",
      },
      "DeletionPolicy": "Retain"
    }
```

There must not exist a resource of that type with the same identifier in the desired region. In this example that identifer 
would be "MyBucket"

##### **The provided template is not deployed to CloudFormation in the account/region, and there *is* overlap with existing resources in the account/region**

> If the provided template represents a set of resources overlap with resources already deployed in the account/region, 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If the provided template represents a set of resources that overlap with resources already deployed in the account/region, 
```

Author: the spell checker I used gave this the blue squiggly actually lol but I'll add it back.

then the generated application will not be immediately deployable. If those overlapped resources are already managed by 
another CloudFormation stack in that account/region, then those resources will need to be manually removed from the provided

> template. Otherwise, if the overlapped resources are not managed by another CloudFormation stack, then first run remove those

Reviewer 4: Is there some words missing here? I'm not sure what this part is supposed to say.

Reviewer 4: Github is highlighting too many lines. I'm asking about this part "Otherwise, if the overlapped resources are not managed by another CloudFormation stack, then first run remove those"

Author: I'm not sure what the change should be here.

  bucket). Requires version 12 of the bootstrap stack, for the added
  IAM permissions to the `deploy-role`.

### `cdk migrate`

⚠️**CAUTION**⚠️ 

CDK Migrate is currently experimental and may have breaking changes in the future. 

CDK Migrate Generates a CDK application using an existing CloudFormation template in JSON or YAML format. 

> Templates can be provided from either from a local file using `--from-path` or directly from a

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Templates can be provided either from a local file using `--from-path` or directly from a
```

```

This will generate a Python CDK application which will synthesize the same configuration of resources as the deployed stack.

#### **CDK Migrate Limitations**

- CDK Migrate does not currently support nested stacks, custom resources, or the `Fn::ForEach` intrinsic function.

- CDK Migrate will only generate L1 constructs and does not currently support any higher level abstractions.

- CDK Migrate successfully generating an application does *not* guarantee the application is immediately deployable.
It simply generates a CDK application which will synthesize a template that has identical resource configurations 
to the provided template. 

- CDK Migrate does not interact with the CloudFormation service to verify the template 
provided can deploy on its own. This means CDK Migrate will not verify that any resources in the provided 
template are already managed in other CloudFormation templates, nor will it verify that the resources in the provided
template are available in the desired regions, which may impact ADC or Opt-In regions. 

- If the provided template has parameters without default values, those will need to be provided

> before deploying the generated application.

Reviewer 3: These two feel like they should be sub-bullets of the previous bullet. Can you indent them that way?

In practice this is how CDK Migrate generated applications will operate in the following scenarios:

| Situation                                                                                         | Result                                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Provided template + stack-name is from a deployed stack in the account/region                     | The CDK application will deploy as a changeset to the existing stack          |
| Provided template has no overlap with resources already in the account/region                     | The CDK application will deploy a new stack successfully                      |

> | Provided template has overlap with Cloudformation managed resources already in the account/region | The CDK application will not be deployable unless those resources are removed |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Provided template has overlap with CloudFormation managed resources already in the account/region | The CDK application will not be deployable unless those resources are removed |
```

If the provided template came directly from a deployed CloudFormation stack, and that stack has not experienced any drift, 
then the generated application will be immediately deployable, and will not cause any changes to the deployed resources.
Drift might occur if a resource in your template was modified outside of CloudFormation, namely via the AWS Console or AWS CLI.

##### **The provided template is not deployed to CloudFormation in the account/region, and there *is not* overlap with existing resources in the account/region**

If the provided template represents a set of resources that have no overlap with resources already deployed in the account/region, 
then the generated application will be immediately deployable. This could be because the stack has never been deployed, or
the application was generated from a stack deployed in another account/region.

In practice this means for any resource in the provided template, for example,

```Json
    "S3Bucket": {
      "Type": "AWS::S3::Bucket",
      "Properties": {
        "BucketName": "MyBucket",
        "AccessControl": "PublicRead",
      },
      "DeletionPolicy": "Retain"
    }
```

> There must not exist a resource of that type with the same identifier in the desired region. In this example that identifer 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There must not exist a resource of that type with the same identifier in the desired region. In this example that identifier 
```

Author: I swear I put this through a spell checker lol

would be "MyBucket"

##### **The provided template is not deployed to CloudFormation in the account/region, and there *is* overlap with existing resources in the account/region**

If the provided template represents a set of resources that overlap with resources already deployed in the account/region, 
then the generated application will not be immediately deployable. If those overlapped resources are already managed by 
another CloudFormation stack in that account/region, then those resources will need to be manually removed from the provided
template. Otherwise, if the overlapped resources are not managed by another CloudFormation stack, then first remove those

> resources from your CDK Application STack and deploy the cdk application successfully, then re-add them and run `cdk import` 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
resources from your CDK Application Stack, deploy the cdk application successfully, then re-add them and run `cdk import` 
```

If you don’t want to see a notice anymore, use "cdk acknowledge <id>". For example, "cdk acknowledge 16603".
```

> ### `cdk migrate`

Reviewer 4: This section is under the "Notices" section. Can you move it up to the "Commands" section?

Author: isn't CDK notices the command?

Reviewer 4: no. there is a section header for `Notices` with `cdk notices` and `cdk acknowledge` both under it.  If you view this file as rendered markdown, it is clear that this command is not in the right section.

> ⚠️**CAUTION**⚠️ CDK migrate is currently experimental. We make no guarantees about the outcome or stability of the Command or it's output.

Reviewer 4: Experimental means that it might have breaking changes in the future. Saying we make no guarantees about the commands output sounds like the command may or may not do what the documentation says, and that is not the case. 

Reusing the exact phrasing from another experimental command:
```suggestion
⚠️**CAUTION**⚠️ This command is considered experimental, and might have breaking changes in the future.
```

Author: This is what we currently output when a user runs our command. Should we change it in both places?

Reviewer 4: I would be in favor of that, yes

> ⚠️**CAUTION**⚠️ CDK migrate is currently experimental. We make no guarantees about the outcome or stability of the Command or it's output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ **CAUTION** ⚠️ 
CDK migrate is currently experimental. We make no guarantees about the outcome or stability of the Command or it's output.
```

> Generates a CDK application from an existing Cloudformation template in any of the CDK supported languages. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Generates a CDK application from an existing CloudFormation template in any of the CDK supported languages. 
```

> Required Arguments:

Reviewer 4: In md, this will be inlined with the following lines, and not look like a title.

> Required Arguments:

Reviewer 4: Can you add a paragraph above this that explains in more detail what the command is and how to use it? Think about how you would teach someone who is new to CDK how to use this command to get started with CDK.

> * `--from-path <my_file_path>` - Takes the relative filse path to the JSON or YAML template of your choice

Reviewer 4: Absolute paths should also work. 

```suggestion
* `--from-path <my_file_path>` - The file path to the JSON or YAML CloudFormation template
```

> * `--from-path <my_file_path>` - Takes the relative filse path to the JSON or YAML template of your choice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--from-path <my_file_path>` - Takes the relative file path to the JSON or YAML CloudFormation template 
```

> * `--stack-name <my_stack_name>` - Used to name both the CDK application and stack. 

Reviewer: How is it used? Is it used verbatim? Is there a transformation that's applied? Is the CDK App name === the stack name?

Author: At this point the CDK App name === the stack name. We want to change this later. I'll make this more explicit

> Optional Arguments:

Reviewer 4: This is supposed to be a title - but will show inline and this will all be one paragraph.

> * `--output-path <my_output_path>` - file path to where the file should be generated. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* `--output-path <my_output_path>` - file path where the application will be generated
```

>   Default is the current working directory

Reviewer: file? What type of file? Initially I thought this was supposed to be the generated CDK app, which is a folder (or maybe a zip file), but now I'm thinking it means the stack.ts file. If so it should say something like:

```
* `--output-path <my_output_path>` - path where the generated CDK Stack will be located.
  Default is `./foo.ts`
```

Author: unclear by me. Fixing

* `--language <language>` - Which CDK supported language should be generated [typescript, python, csharp, java, go]

>   default is typesript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  default is typescript
```

```console
$ # generate a typescript application from template.json in the local directory
$ cdk migrate --from-path ./template.json --stack-name MyAwesome

$ # generate a python application from template.json in the local directory
$ cdk bootstrap migrate --from-path ./template.json --stack-name MyAwesome
```

> In order for the generated stack to be immediatly deployable, that stack must either already exist in that region/account 

Reviewer 4: put a header above this that says "Limitations" like other commands have done (import)

Reviewer 4: Overall this section is pretty confusing, but I am struggling to come up with better phrasing here. I imagine customers will read this and ask, what does it mean to be immediately deployable? How do I know if there is any overlap between existing resources and resources defined in the input template?

An idea to improve clarity would be to separate this into describing the two use cases that work: 1. deploying to an environment with a deployed stack that matches the input template. 2. deploy to an environment with no deployed resources that overlap with your template definition. 
Then finally, include the limitations section saying if you try to deploy a stack generated by CDK migrate to an environment that meets any of the following criteria, deployment will fail.
- resources with the same physical ids already exist
- a partially-matching stack already exists.

> In order for the generated stack to be immediatly deployable, that stack must either already exist in that region/account 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In order for the generated application to be immediately deployable, that stack must either already exist in that region/account 
```
